# Keep_app-
This is a basic angular project including components and services also json database. Main project is a clone of google keep app.

This contains a one component that is header.component generated using the angular cmd, it has one service generated using service cmd, it contains a model.ts file containing the details of the list that is to be updated in the database
and contains a db.json which is generated by using json cmd. 
I have used angular ui to generate the ui of the app and cards that are being added and also added a delete button to delete the   data from the server as well as display.

If anyone wants to make changes fork it and raise a request so that this basic app can be made more advanced.

To run the app copy the code to your local repository then follow the steps :
1. check wheather you have node and npm installed on you system globally preffered if not go the link and follow the steps to add that (https://docs.npmjs.com/downloading-and-installing-node-js-and-npm)
2. After Installing the node and npm open the file keep-app on you ide.
3. open a new terminal and if the terminal is started as powershell then change it to command prompt.
4. Always use command prompt insted of powershell in you ide terminal.
5. Then go inside the folder containing the keep-aap you can try using cd directory name to go inside that.
6. after that go to the terminal and create two command prompt terminals
7. In one of them start the json server first ::> json-server db.json  (Here my file name was db.json)
8. In the other terminal now start the app ::> ng serve --open
9. while doing any changes make sure the web page is updateing according to it and its preferred to stop the db and serve first to make any major changes.
First step: 
